Hi Daniel!

My name is Gunnar Hostetler, I work as an OnSite Specialist at the VA in Palo Alto, CA, and I recently reconnected with a friend from half a lifetime ago who works for your company.  He reached out initially because he was curious about Stryker’s procurement process and within a couple of days of talking, we found we’re on a similar personal and professional trajectory of wanting to make waves within the healthcare industry because the future is looking VERY bright due to the whole shift in automation/AI.  So, naturally, I did some heavy research into ModMed because I was curious and quickly stumbled across your motto, “Doctors who code”.  I resonate with this immensely because, while I’m not a doctor, I work in healthcare and see the impact it has on our fellow humans in need.  Your mission to transform the entire EHR process sounds unBELIEVABLE and the way you’re doing it is blowing my mind.

I followed ModMed on LinkedIn and I keep seeing Scribe 2.0 and… it reminds me of World of Warcraft - a game I played back in 2004, stopped in 2008, and picked back up in 2019 for the refined, re-released 2004 version.  Long story short is I met my wife in this game because we happened to be in the same Guild, I dropped my life in Illinois in 2021 to live with her in CA and have never looked back (we still play together to this day).  My life has taken a turn for the best and I’m grateful every day for it.  I am, fortunately, hungry for more in my professional life.  Stryker has transformed me entirely and has truly made me understand my worth in a high-stakes, professional setting - a reason I am looking outward is because they are not actively pushing people to move into roles they aren’t immediately familiar with or have experience with, even if extensive personal experience is clear (see below) and the signals land flat.  My standing within the company is pristine and I can prove it on every metric with my most recent 2025 Annual Performance Review.  So below are some snapshots of who I am, what I do, why I do it, and what I’m hoping to connect with you on.

What I do at work: I provide intraoperative technical support to Stanford surgeons at the VA in Palo Alto as an OnSite Specialist for Stryker.  It’s a full service contract, meaning that we provide all equipment (Endoscopy - towers, cameras, instruments), clean it, wrap it, and do it all over again).  I understand HIPAA, surgical workflows, and ultimately am responsible for maintaining the health of the contract since there is no Stryker management on site, thus, I am the first and only line of defense that’s not in an office across the city.  It’s riveting because I’ve gained first hand experience in many vectors of hospital workflows - procurement, direct stakeholder relationships (OR Staff, Stanford surgeons, Nurse Managers, SPS Chief, the Professor of Surgery, BioMed, etc.), all while maintaining par levels of our equipment, repair and replace contracts, and more.  I have gained us Government PIV access as well as integrated over 1,500 surgical instruments into the Censitrac instrument tracking system.  Every day is different, the personalities of surgeons can vary so wide, and the technical issues seemingly vary day to day because of new tech coming in, new residents coming in, new fellows coming in, all with special requests for their video setups and instrumentation needs.

What I do on my own time: in a small nutshell, I build solutions to my problems and find great joy if it helps others.  I have a hand in almost every jar of relevant code languages with a larger focus on Swift/iOS apps because it’s always on me and thus is easy to test my creations in the real world.  I currently have four live on the App Store (OpenCone, OpenResponses, OpenAssistant, OpenIntelligence) built entirely in Swift and SwiftUI.  I operate with a childlike curiosity and high energy - I leverage AI and RAG architectures to build entire working foundations of my apps through the literal ingestion of complex API documentation and reference materials, then I build structure around it.  After that, I just go nuts and start filling in the gaps it’s missing.  AppStoreConnect is like a mini-game at this point.  My first app was rejected 30 times before making it on the App Store, my second app was rejected 10 times, but my third app made it through the App Review process on first pass because of how many precautions I took prior to even attempting.  I then wanted to make something special/proprietary/“me”, so I built my fourth app, OpenIntelligence.  An Apple Intelligence neural RAG engine capable of running completely offline/airplane mode.  It has 3 quality modes - Standard, Deep Think, and Maximum.  The reason I started building it was Apple’s WWDC25 where they “unlocked” the hardware capabilities of Apple Silicon.
So, in short, I found this crazy cool so I built an entire app around it.  The most difficult part was hitting the 4,096 token limit due to the miniature 3B parameter on-device model, so I implemented a recursive thinking/reasoning loop that allows it to exceed the token limit and produce lengthy, accurate, citation-based responses.  Without nerding out a wall of text about it more than I’ve already done, it’s what’s ultimately made me think, “I could do this on a much larger scale”, and it’s what I’m looking to do full-time.  I have lots to learn and I genuinely want to get better at all of this.  I am open to mentorship and I welcome constructive criticism because it’s how things evolve.

All 4 of my apps combined have over 1,000 downloads and my latest app, OpenIntelligence (released in February 2026) has generated $190.

Why am I messaging you?Well, I noticed your iOS position is no longer accepting applications, but I couldn’t not take a shot by messaging you directly… I’m looking for a space where I can focus this energy on building solutions that impact thousands.  Since I’m currently working on site, I feel like a great deal of my potential is lost in terms of what could have been done in the same time frame.  I support 8 operating rooms at my account and find myself daydreaming about building apps during case turnovers and other downtimes.  Before this job, I located utilities and had zero hospital experience; and now that I have this hospital experience and am genuinely fascinated by healthcare, I feel like I can make some REALLY cool stuff if I was brought into an engineering role where my clinical background would multiply my technical output.  I wake up every day and I genuinely look forward to what will unfold.  I look for solutions to inefficiencies even when I don’t consciously want to.  I dont know why I’m like this, but I’ve learned to just roll with it and because of that, I have created things I never thought I’d be able to.

I’d love to be a part of your mission, and if anything comes from this, I would dedicate my life to understanding these systems through and through to improve provider workflows and ultimately patient outcomes.

P.S. I saw your apps sitting at ~3 stars (albeit old reviews from years ago) on the App Store, and since I couldn’t access the actual product, I used the screenshots, reviews, and release history as data points and built an iOS/iPad prototype to see what the workflow might look like.  I did it because if I were part of your Mobile Development team, that would be unacceptable to me (NO OFFENSE!!), another part of it was me taking a crack at the UX, and thirdly was me trying to understand the EHR/FHIR space by building through it.  After I got the UI/UX set up, I injected the same offline Apple Intelligence RAG logic used in my OpenIntelligence app (It is NOT going to be distributed - it was strictly for personal curiosity).

 Below are my links as well as my app demo where you can see the intelligence layer and SMART integrations at play.

https://github.com/Gunnarguy
https://www.gunnarguy.me

Thank you for your time.

----------
and this is what i DM'd Daniel Cane, cofounder of ModMed (LOL) ridiculous i thought it would be seen as anythiing more than a sweaty desperate message.  anyways, what could we pull from this to push my narrative from complete generated AI (which is what it currently looks like) to an actual story
